imp: make custom `Validation/ExecutionContext` under ICS-07 usable by any light clients (#1166)
cosmos/ibc-rs: .changelog/unreleased/breaking-changes/1163-make-ics07-custom-context-traits-portable.md

- [ibc] Enhance portability of custom `Validation/ExecutionContext` traits under

>   ICS-07. This upgrade relocates them, along with the rest of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ICS-07. They are relocated, along with the rest of the
```
